Is online schooling as effective as in-class education?
How can students prevent stress from staying at home due to COVID-19?
Has quarantining due to the coronavirus caused families to be closer or farther apart?
How important is it to wear a facemask when out of the house?
How can you keep in touch with friends while staying in quarantine?
What do students find most surprising about staying at home during the coronavirus?
How can graduating seniors enjoy their last semester while staying at home?
What new traditions could come out of the COVID-19 situation?
What is the best way for the country to open up again?
How has COVID-19 changed student's lives for the better? for the worse?
How will COVID-19 change student's college plans?
Should school districts change their attendance policies about illnesses?
How can teachers make online classes better?
How can students make the best use of their time when studying at home?
How can parents of elementary school students best help their children learn at home?
Will more families consider homeschooling after COVID-19?
What is the best way to protect yourself from getting infected by the coronavirus?
Which student groups are negatively affected the most by having to study at home?
What are the best ways to support learning disabled or physically challenged students when they are learning at home?
What effect does COVID-19 have on mental stress? How can a person best overcome it?
Should the fashion industry change their way of advertising?
Are romantic movies damaging to real relationships?
Are beauty pageants beneficial to women?
Do young men have body image problems?
How does advertising affect the body image of men?
Should the fashion industry use models that look more like regular people?
Should brands like Victoria's Secret use plus-sized models?
Should women get plastic surgery to make themselves have a better self-image?
Does playing with dolls like Barbie negatively influence a girl’s body image?
How can young women develop a healthy body image?
Is satire and comedy news a good way to stay informed?
What is “fake news?”
Is there such a thing as “unbiased reporting?”
What is the best role for news reporters in a digital era?
Does reporting by ordinary citizens actually give us better news?
Will newspapers go out of business or become only digital?
Is crowdfunded journalism going to be an important trend?
Is our news coverage too narrow?
How helpful is "fact checking" of speeches?
Why did the media not get the 2016 American Presidential election or Brexit correct?
Can brain damage from drugs be reversed?
What are the effects of marijuana on the brain?
Can learning to do lucid dreaming help you?
What is the best treatment for PSTD?
Is virtual reality more than just for fun?
Are video games bad for kids?
How is the Internet affecting our intelligence?
What limits should there be for genetic engineering of humans?
What role should race play in American identity?
What is the best way to help a friend or relative who is an alcoholic?
How will 3-D printing change our future?
What research offers the most promising help for disabled people?
Are self-driving trucks a good idea?
Is face-detecting software a good way to solve the problem of identity theft?
How with practical quantum computers change our lives?
How will 360-degree selfie cameras change the way we share our lives?
What are the implications of the Cell Atlas?
Is adding connectivity of our home devices helpful or not?
Can computers really become intelligent?
Which is better, PC or Mac?
Should people be judged by their social media posting?
Are online dating sites just a scam, or can they form lasting relationships?
Should texting and driving be illegal?
Is technology making our attention span shorter?
Does social media like Twitter have a place in the classroom?
Does social media negatively impact teenagers social lives?
How is social media changing parent and child relationships?
When in social situations is looking at your phone or texting inappropriate?
What rules should college or high school students follow when posting to social media?
How can families handle the problem of their child being bullied through social media?
Why join ROTC?
How can people concentrate better when studying?
What is the best way to ask a date to prom?
Is going on a study abroad worth it?
What is the best sport to join at our school? How did we get our school mascot?
What are the benefits of being in the FFA, BPA or other school organization?
Is learning a foreign language in high school important?
Is prom worth the cost?
What makes a successful dating relationship?
Should more high schools have apprenticeships or technical programs so people can get a job right out of school?
Why is junk food so addictive?
Is drinking bottled water a good idea?
Do fad diets actually work?
Does eating gluten-free really make people healthier?
Which fast food restaurant serves the best food?
Where are the best cheap eating spots in town?
Which is better, Starbucks or your local coffee shop?
How important is it to "eat the rainbow?"
What is the best diet for an athlete?
Is “all-natural” or “organic” worth paying more for?
Is homework good or bad for student achievement?
Which is better, private school, public school or homeschooling?
Should vaccinations continue to be mandatory in public schools?
Should “gifted” students receive special educational treatment?
How do online high schools compare to traditional education?
Should schools move to having online classes in high school?
What is the best way to take notes in classes?
Is teaching suicide prevention in school helpful?
Should schools switch to e-books?
Why is math hard?
Tattoos and Body Piercing
Why do people get multiple body piercings?
Why are tattoos a popular trend?
How do tattoos of men differ from the ones women choose?
Is getting a tattoo safe?
What is the most popular tattoo?
How can you best care for your new tattoo or piercing?
What are the most popular trends in tattoos this year?
What makes a bad tattoo idea?
Is tattoo art?
Are there some tattoos that should be taboo?
How can we prevent accidents caused by DUIs?
Should the death penalty be legal in all states?
How can we select better juries in high-profile cases?
Are afterschool programs a good way to reduce violence and gangs?
What should be the goal of putting someone in prison? Punishment, rehabilitation or something is the
What is the humane treatment of prisoners?
Do art, music, and drama help in rehabilitating prisoners?
Does legalization of marijuana reduce crime?
Can programs that create jobs prevent crime?
Do illegal immigrants commit a lot of crimes?
Should businesses hire mentally and physically disabled people?
How can employers best encourage better health among their employees?
Is STEM really the best career choice?
Is nursing a good career for talented men and women?
Should tattoos be allowed in the workplace?
Should people on welfare be required to submit to drug testing?
Should more employers offer flexible scheduling or working from home?
Should businesses offer mental health benefits for employees and families?
Should more businesses offer parental and family leave for both parents?
Does owning your own business really make a better career?
How can people best be encouraged to make healthier lifestyle choices?
How does lack of sleep hurt us?
What is an allergy?
Do T.V. shows about overweight people losing weight exploit or help?
What is the best possible treatment for Type 2 diabetes?
What is the best way to quit smoking? How can we best solve the problem of antibiotic resistance?
Are drugs overused in treating mental illness?
What are the causes and best treatments for bi-polar disease?
What makes some people able to live to be over 100?
Does Internet medical information make people healthier?
Is “virtual reality” going to be important in entertainment?
Do violent images, music, and games cause people to act out violently?
Why do adults enjoy Disney movies?
Why are movies like “The Lion King” ones kids watch over and over?
Which shows are best for binge watching?
Why is “Fixer Upper” so popular?
How does Lego Batman compare to other versions of the Batman franchise?
Which video game has the best storyline?
Has Marvel changed the source material too much?
Which horror movie is really the scariest?
Should parents allow their kids to play football?
How can we make football safer?
Why is NASCAR losing fans?
Who is the best quarterback of all time?
What effect does moving and changing schools have on a high schooler?
Should college athletes get paid?
What kinds of sports should be added to the Olympics?
Can virtual reality help athletes train more effectively?
How does Rugby compare to American football?
How can overuse injuries be prevented in high school athletics?
What are the benefits of growing up in a large family?
What makes a successful marriage?
What are the health benefits of marriage?
What is the value of searching for your genealogy?
Is interracial marriage a good idea?
Does living together before marriage create better marriages?
What is the value of a family vacation?
How can parents get to know their teenagers better?
What causes the break-up of marriages?
What rules should parents have for their teenagers?